what that pic ribs you're gonna cook him
up baking them boil them yeah por lo que
tous one bit three potatoes yup three
yes 55 potato sorry a little small
Garrett look nice
rip
one is no first your cabbage also no
cabbage it's just in the end the
company's last comes in and also
tomatoes onion first then the carrots
and then when I rethought the beetle the
rest of them I don't know how to the
English the new green booyaka good luck
your smoke oh yeah your club oh yeah we
meet after 20 minutes of things right so
boiling the whole thing is 10 minutes
boiling tomato juice okay what are you
going to add the potatoes knows already
there I'm gonna add this one this movie
meet
the cabbage
how long do you have to cook it now I
mean bad news only five villages in the
class is the boorish to bottom the
cocaine meal lots of activity and below
the boys little bit dila enemy
julia had them well finishing touch this
Madonna and then phones with a beer the
big bottle for the big guy I'm not weird
fonts I'm just looking at it and I see
all the lovely it is borscht time again
again for your second time I have forced
you before